
==== NAME ====

Posy::Plugin::MultiEntry - Posy plugin to enable multiple entries to display
for special entry files.


==== VERSION ====

This describes version ``0.03'' of Posy::Plugin::MultiEntry.


==== DESCRIPTION ====

This plugin enables the user to configure special 'entry' files to behave
like special "category" pages; Posy will display not only that entry, but
all the entries which would normally be selected when that category is
displayed. This can be set up using a per-file config file, which would
enable one to use different settings for just that page, such as sorting in
a different order, showing a special sub-set of files, and so on.

This plugin replaces the 'select_entries' action.


==   Configuration   ==

This expects configuration settings in the $self->{config} hash, which, in
the default Posy setup, can be defined in the main "config" file in the
config directory.

``multi_entry_on''
Turn on multi-entry selection if the path-type is an entry. (default: false)

``multi_entry_exclude''
Filter out the entries in the current category which match this pattern.
Note that one can actually set this to exclude the entry that the
multi_entry selection is being done with!

``multi_entry_include''
Only keep the entries in the current category which match this pattern. An
entry has to both match the include pattern and not match the exclude
pattern for it to be included.


==== INSTALLATION ====

Installation needs will vary depending on the particular setup a person has.


==   Administrator, Automatic   ==

If you are the administrator of the system, then the dead simple method of
installing the modules is to use the CPAN or CPANPLUS system.

    cpanp -i Posy::Plugin::MultiEntry

This will install this plugin in the usual places where modules get
installed when one is using CPAN(PLUS).


==   Administrator, By Hand   ==

If you are the administrator of the system, but don't wish to use the
CPAN(PLUS) method, then this is for you. Take the *.tar.gz file and untar it
in a suitable directory.

To install this module, run the following commands:

    perl Build.PL
    ./Build
    ./Build test
    ./Build install

Or, if you're on a platform (like DOS or Windows) that doesn't like the "./"
notation, you can do this:

   perl Build.PL
   perl Build
   perl Build test
   perl Build install


==   User With Shell Access   ==

If you are a user on a system, and don't have root/administrator access, you
need to install Posy somewhere other than the default place (since you don't
have access to it). However, if you have shell access to the system, then
you can install it in your home directory.

Say your home directory is "/home/fred", and you want to install the modules
into a subdirectory called "perl".

Download the *.tar.gz file and untar it in a suitable directory.

    perl Build.PL --install_base /home/fred/perl
    ./Build
    ./Build test
    ./Build install

This will install the files underneath /home/fred/perl.

You will then need to make sure that you alter the PERL5LIB variable to find
the modules.

Therefore you will need to change the PERL5LIB variable to add
/home/fred/perl/lib

        PERL5LIB=/home/fred/perl/lib:${PERL5LIB}


==== REQUIRES ====

    Posy
    Posy::Core

    Test::More


==== AUTHOR ====

    Kathryn Andersen (RUBYKAT)
    perlkat AT katspace dot com
    http://www.katspace.com


==== COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE ====

Copyright (c) 2005 by Kathryn Andersen

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.

